Hello and welcome to this new tutorial and this one again a quick and easy one we're going to add the
as tokened end of string to the end of every answer.
So as you might guess we're going to loop over all the answers in our clean answers.
Let's we're going to get back to the original clean answers list which is the list of all the answers
that we cleaned.
One by one and to each of these answers we're going to add this as string.
All right so let's do this.
Well since we already have the clean answers it is already existing.
We don't need to introduce anything here as we used to do before we can directly start the loop.
And so I'm starting here with four and now we need to choose a new Barbel.
So we're going to simply loop over all the indexes of the clean answers list.
Let's have a look at it again.
Clean answers this is right here.
So yes and as you can see this is just a list of clean answers that we can get with the index your index
going from zero to the length of this clean answers list.
So we're going to choose an arbitrary index for the Lavabo that will go through all these indexes.
All right so let's do this for I in range and in parenthesis we need to input the length of this clean
and list.
So I'm taking Lenn clean.
Underscore answers list which corresponds to the number of elements of this clean answers list and therefore
we will go through all the answers one by one and for each of them what are we going to do.
Well we're going to add in the end the end of string token.
Let's do this to get these answers we simply need to take our clean answers.
List then get the ice index which is the Index we're dealing with right now in the loop of the answer
and clean answers.
I will give us directly the answer.
And so what do we need to do with that answer.
Well we need to add the end of string token at the end of it and a trick to do that it's like an incrementation
we can add a plus here plus equals because clean answers plus equals actually means clean answers equals
clean answers I plus something.
And there's something coming after the press is going to be of course the end of string token.
So I'm adding some double quotes here because this end of string token has to be input in double code
that's when we do an addition operation between the elements of a list.
So quote here let's not forget them and then we need to at the end of string.
However be careful to make that separation between the last word and the answer and this end of string
token we need to separate them by space and therefore I just added a space here and then we can add
the token.
Oh that's all right.
Perfect.
And that's it.
The loop is done.
So that was pretty easy.
And I remind that we are doing this because end of string token is needed at the end of the decoding
layers of the sect to sect model.
We have to specify the end of the answer and the decoding part by this end of string token.
And that's why it's important to add it in the end as we just it.
All right so great let's execute this execute.
There we go.
Perfect.
Now let's check that it is right here and the clean answers list.
Yes.
All right.
So I'm going to expand this.
And there we go.
It is at the end of every answer in the clean answers list.
And as you can see it was necessary to add the space here so that it can clearly distinguish the last
word and the end of string token.
Otherwise it would confuse this for example do it as with one same token.
Now we understand better space.
All right so perfect.
That's another step done.
So now what do we need to do left.
Well we have two remaining steps in the data processing.
I'm pretty excited to be almost done with it because this is not the funniest part but we're almost
done.
And actually these last two steps will be easy.
The first one will be to remove all the non frequent words.
That is the 5 percent least frequent words from all the questions and the clean questions list and the
answers and the clean answers list.
We need to do that besides we'll need to do a less conversion to convert all of these cleaned and filtered.
Questions and Answers to integers that will be our last needed conversion.
And why do we need to make that conversion.
That's because in the end which is our final step we will sort the questions and answers by the length
of the questions.
And this is very important to do for the training to improve it make it shorter and optimize it.
So we will do these last two steps in the next two tutorials.
And until then and Jaideep been LP.